You'll still be in school
the year after next, though.
What's wrong, Hana?
Something on your mind?
N-No, nothing.
Oho... it's something, all right.
Does it involve that senpai of yours?
N-No way!
She's too easy to read.
"Thinking about another
cooking lesson next week. OK?"
"I'll check with Mom (Read)" "Thanks"
You can always open up to me, you know.
Oh, please! What does a middle-schooler
know about college worries?
Given your usual behavior, though,
you have about a middle-schooler's
take on romance.
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
I do not, either! Don't get smart with me!
And it's not romance!
This is getting interesting, all right.
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
"Episode 6:
Uzaki-chan Wants to Celebrate!"
"Episode 7:
Uzaki-chan Wants a Confession!"
Thanks, Sakurai.
You sure I can have your textbook?
Sorry about all my scribbled notes--
they might make it hard to read.
No, no--I'm happy to have those, too.
Sakurai gets good grades, after all.
Hey, are you joining the class
the next time we go out for drinks?
Ooh, sorry. I can't make it. Work.
Oh...
But do try to come sometime, okay?
Yeah... next time.
I told you so.
What do you mean?
I was just waiting for the right moment
to launch a sneak attack on Senpai.
OMG, you are the best at lying!
Those girls are in the
same class as me and Sak.
Whenever we go out,
they grumble about wanting boyfriends.
They might be after Sak.
Of all the ridiculous...
You shouldn't assume, Sakaki.
Look who's talking.
I'm sure they just reached out to him
once they saw him all alone.
It just means his adorable junior
isn't the only kindhearted one around.
Look who's talking.
And that means I don't have to go out
of my way to pay attention to him.
What a timesaver!
Yeah! It's actually a good thing!
So I can introduce Sak to
those girls from our class, then?
That--um...
That's... different.
You said it yourself, Uzaki:
"I have no choice but
to pay him attention."
And now it's "It doesn't have
to be me by Sak's side"?
No. No!
You're forgetting something:
None of those girls will
ever be that person for Senpai.
That's because...
...he likes me!
Not that again!
Even if those girls were after Senpai,
I'm the one he likes,
so it's no use coming onto him.
They'll just end up disappointed!
Man, how pathetic would it be
to be turned down by him?
In other words, by showering
Senpai with my attention,
I'm protecting the people
around him at the same time!
Such twisted logic--and so self-conscious!
But...
It's like you said earlier, Sakaki:
I better hurry up.
That's true.
Honestly, that was
driven home for me earlier.
I mean, um... it's not like I...
didn't see it coming...
Is she...?
I realized something else, too:
Senpai's a third-year--and
it's already December.
His college years are almost over.
I've got to do something
about him before graduation!
That's what you meant, right?
Not in the slightest!
What?!
You've got to make your move
before someone else does!
You don't need a whole year to bag him!
In fact, I'm amazed you
think it'd take that long!
Sheesh... As soon as one of them
gets interested, it'll be done in a flash!
Still, at least she wants
to settle this somehow.
It's a big leap forward
as far as Uzaki's concerned.
Anyway, there's one year left!
In one year, I'll make
Senpai confess his love for me!
Quit beating around the bush!
Just say, "I like you," right now,
and this'll all be settled--instantly!
Zip right over and do it!
Wh-What?! I can't say that! No way!
Why not? Say it!
I'm so sick of hearing you say that!
Look, I don't like
Senpai--Senpai likes me!
Well, I'm sick of hearing that!
Whatever. I'm beat.
You seem ready to go for it.
I'll leave you to it.
I wish you every happiness.
Oh, hang on a second!
What is it?
What's a good way to get
Senpai to confess his love?
Beats me!
What's up, Itsuhito? You look tired.
Don't pay it any mind.
I was just giving an
acquaintance some advice.
Things are moving
in the right direction...
...probably.
Huh.
Hey, Itsuhito.
Uzaki threw a birthday celebration for me.
So I hear.
What'd make a good
thank-you present for her...
...uh, for a girl?
"Bath Oil"
"Essential Lipstick"
"Shea Butter Cream" "Teddy Bear Bouquet"
Sorry. I'll come up with something.
Mmm. Probably for the best.
Yeah, they don't need a whole year.
Sakaki's no help at all.
"Senpai, how's Thursday? (Read)"
"Got it--I'll check"
"Senpai, we on for tomorrow?"
So what can I do over this next year...
...to make Senpai admit he loves me?
That's it!
"Asia Café"
So listen...
Senpai always grabs lunch at the
dining hall or a convenience store--
what if I made him bento lunches?
Is he in middle school?!
Too clingy--so cringe!
What?!
Whatever. You're motivated now,
so dive right on in!
"Senpai, we on for tomorrow? (Read)"
"Sorry for the late reply
See you then"
It's a billion times better than
your usual useless shilly-shallying!
Although anything times
zero is still zero!
Sakaki's becoming more outspoken, too.
I think it's a good idea.
Who wouldn't love a homemade lunch
from someone like you?
Right?!
I already cook for him all
the time--I know what he likes.
This is gonna be a slam dunk!
"Easy Everyday"
Or so I thought.
Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup!
--The whole family's staring at me.
--Hup! Hup! Hup!
"Easy Everyday Bento"
I get you, Mom, but what
about the rest of you?
Go play games in your room, Yanagi.
But if you won't play with me,
that leaves Kiri--
and he's been turning me down
'cause I beat him so bad.
Besides, I have more
fun watching you these days.
Who's the bento for?
You're such a good cook.
They'll be thrilled!
Oh, no, don't mind me.
Go ahead with what you were doing.
That's super hard to do!
What's your deal, Kiri?
Don't think I'm pulling a Yanagi here.
I'm not here to tease you.
Then what?
I'll take care of any leftovers.
Now get to it!
Back in your room, you vulture!
What about you, Dad?
Never mind...
Who knew this family was
full of such avid rubberneckers?
Tsuki remained blind
to her own love of soap operas.
What should I make?
A bento doesn't have to be
out of the ordinary, you know.
You can use anything as long
as you avoid raw foods that spoil easily.
It can be your star dish--or
whatever you yourself like.
A tamagoyaki omelet, for sure.
Yes, nice!
What a real mother-daughter conversation!
This is more fun than I'd expected!
Ooh, Hana! Hana!
Yeah?
"Pink Flaked Fish"
"For Bento Decoration"
Are you sure you don't
want it to be heart-shaped?
Yes. Now, please, Yanagi, be quiet.
How about shredded
chicken breast instead of rice?
Butt out, Dad!
Yeah, and keep your
"advice"--I'm eating this, too!
I'm not making any for you!
Aw...
Fine! I'll make enough for everybody!
Yesss!
I've gotta hand it to you, Mom.
Making bento is hard work.
No, Hana. I don't have
everyone getting in my way.
Hey.
Brrr...
So why'd you want to see me here--
I made lunch. Just... on a whim.
This is... this one's yours.
Um... er... uh...
What gives?
She's cooked for me plenty before...
This is... kind of...
Crap--is that my heart thumping?
I-I mean... sorry--I--
What is this? What is this--what is this?
Thanks.
Well, I'll just be going.
Huh? What for?
Look, it's fine.
You can eat that where no one can see you.
What, is the dining hall no good?
It's fine!
You're used to eating alone, aren't you?
That's not true!
I actually made myself a lunch, too...
Want to eat together?
Man, it's cold...
What's wrong with the dining hall, anyway?
Wouldn't want anyone to
see us eating matching lunches.
Oh... huh.
That would make sense,
yeah, if they're both the same!
Why didn't I realize that?
Turns out I didn't have a lot
of time to make them different.
Sorry.
Oh, hey: Drinks are on me, then.
Thanks.
It... It's going great!
How can this be happening?
Right--turns out they're
both middle-schoolers.
Glad it turned out well this time.
Now for Itsuhito Sakaki's smooth exit.
Meanwhile, Fujio Uzaki...
Get a load of this!
My daughter made this for me.
Check it out!
Isn't this amazing?!
"November 2"
Mr. Uzaki...
This is not your lunch break.
Please put away your lunch
and get back to work.
...tickled by his daughter's homemade
bento, irritated his workplace senior.
"Asia Café"
I did a great job giving Senpai his lunch!
How do you like my raw talent now, huh?
Nice!
"November 3"
Keep it up.
They'd get together faster
if it weren't for this nonsense...
Almost there!
Aw, man!
That was a great race!
You move well now
that you've got the hang of it.
--Thanks for playing another
new game with me, Yanagi.
--Hana always finds this
kind of fun versus-play games
--Thanks for playing another new game with me, Yanagi.
--Hana always finds this
kind of fun versus-play games
--Now I can one-up Senpai and leave him in the dust!
--to practice with me
before she takes on her senpai.
--Why don't I cook one of your favorite meals tomorrow? What would you like?
Gratin!
She may be my sister and all,
but she shows love in a warped way.
"Asia Café"
Your senpai likes gaming, too, doesn't he?
Yeah, but he always
goes for one-player titles.
I've gotta introduce him
to this kind of game, too.
Huh.
Sure wish I could meet him!
No way.
Oh, right. I've got a report to write.
Aw, Hana! You always do this.
C'mon, Hana! Aw, c'mon!
There she goes, running off again.
Such a hardhead.
Why does she hate the idea so much?
Whatever her reasons,
if Hana's gonna stay clammed up,
I've got an idea of my own.
Oh, my--you're all smiles!
What is it, Yanagi?
Right, Mom?
I overslept!
Oh, Yanagi! You're up early
for a Sunday. Heading out?
Well, you know.
Nice!
You've got work?
Yep! See you later!
Bye!
Now, then...
Time to head out!
"11/29
Nice Meat Day"
"Asia Café"
Welcome!
Hello.
Hi, I'm Uzaki's little sister Yanagi.
Thanks for everything you do for her.
Well, well!
Y-Yanagi?! I thought you were heading out!
Yeah, I was.
I did.
How did you...?
I asked Mom.
Don't go blaming her--I only
asked her where you worked.
It's fine, right? Not like
I quizzed her about your senpai.
Go home!
Hey, now. Don't be chasing off
your sister when she's come all this way.
The morning rush just ended,
so you can take your time and relax.
Sit anywhere you like.
He's huge... must be him!
It's just, um, you know...
I don't like having friends
and family watch me work--
"November 29"
I get all flustered,
and it's hard to do my job!
Feels like I've said the
exact same thing to someone...
At any rate,
I'll handle clean-up;
you wait on your sister.
Thanks...
I kinda figured you had
some kind of reason
for suddenly taking this job
your second year of college...
Was I right?
One hot café au lait, boss.
Got it.
What's wrong?
You were fine when Ms. Tsuki came.
"Lousy Cat Wants to Hang Out!"
"Ms. Tsuki"...
What?
Nothing.
Look, she can be a real handful.
What is it?
Just... you have a little sister.
What's wrong with that?!
I'm not messing with you or anything.
You look after me,
worry about me in weird ways,
even fuss over me sometimes--
and now I know why.
It's like... I get it now.
What's that about?
Huh... so you're a big sister.
Are you sure you're not messing with me?
I'm sure. I'm an only child, see?
I don't know the trials
of being an older sister.
How about that...?
You're totally messing with me.
I am not.
Really?
Yes, really.
Your café au lait's ready.
Thanks!
As long as I keep Senpai far away
from her, I can make it through this day.
If I serve Yanagi... and guard him...
Then I'll grill her back home.
Here's your café au lait!
Hey, can your senpai serve--
Your table's been assigned to me.
I will not let those
two have a conversation.
C'mon, Uzaki.
You forgot to give her a hot towel--and
after she came here in this cold.
Here you are.
Thank you very much!
My fingertips were cold.
Why are you just
earnestly doing your job?!
You're mad at me for being thoughtful?
Oh, would you be Hana's senpai, then?
Can we talk for a moment?
Yanagi!
Sure, why not?
We don't have any other customers.
Senpai!
I... I have to stop them.
At this rate, I just know...
Hana's told me so much about you.
I wanted to see you for myself!
Is that so?
Senpai, Senpai! You have work to do!
Nah, I'm caught up.
Dammit!
For as much as you suck at cooking,
you sure are quick to tidy up!
I can never tell if you're
complimenting me or mad at me...
How old are you, Mr. Senpai?
Twenty-one. And you, miss?
Eighth grade.
Huh! You're more put-together than Uzaki--
I was sure you were
at least in high school.
--Um...
--Wow, really?
Absolutely.
Well, we better be getting back...
Oh, right: I heard you play
a lot of games, Mr. Senpai.
Actually, so do I!
You do?
Have you played that one game?
Which one?
Final Quester:
Tales of Pocketter ~Lousy Catter~.
The one with all the "-er"s! Yeah, yeah!
That opening cutscene was so darn long.
It really was!
And after its super-cool,
drawn-out climax rendered in amazing CG,
your first real quest is
to gather medicinal herbs!
Kinda dampens the ol' enthusiasm.
You got that right.
--Uh-oh. Now their chat's all animated.
--At least you get a horse to ride on.
Who saw this turn of events coming?
--So, miss, when you played--
--Oh, Mr. Senpai?
You don't have to call me "miss."
You can call me by
my first name. It's Yanagi.
Eh? Okay, then... Yanagi-chan.
See?! I knew this was going to happen!
"The last wild goose becomes first."
Meaning: That which comes from
behind to surpass those up ahead.
"Next Time"
"Episode 7:
Uzaki-chan Wants a Confession!"
"Next Time"
"Episode 8: Yanagi and
Kiri Want to Have Fun, Too!"